# Vexrs

Vexrs is an experimental operating system being developed to allow robotics teams to take full advantage of the VEX V5 hardware. Vexrs is designed to be lightweight and modular.


## Disclaimer

This software is not affiliated with, or endorsed by Innovation First Inc.

This software utilizes the VEX V5 SDK. This SDK is included with the VexCode v5 Pro software. This package automatically generates bindings to the aformentioned SDK. The SDK ships with an aditional license that requires we comply with any technical limitations of the software. The SDK is used in this package as-is without any modification to it's source headers. This implementation assumes that by compliance with technical software limitations means not attempting to access the private API and as such only uses the public API. If an official from Innovation First Inc. sees this assumption as incorrect, I would be willing to rectify the issue.

While Vexrs is distributed under the MIT license, any bindings generated by this software and the libv5rt SDK is not. These bindings should be considered "tainted" and should never leave the users machine. libv5rt is the sole property of Innovation First Inc. and is not included with this software download. Instructions for finding libv5rt will not be included.



## About


For optimizations settings, see Cargo.toml

LTO is useful for reducing file sizes, as I have not yet found a way to split rust libraries into hot/cold sections.

## Usage

Vexrs is provided as a crate. When compiled to a target that supports V5, it creates a single ELF that can be converted to a flat binary to be uploaded to the V5 brain. This can be done using PROS CLI (as shown in Queens Robotics' [vex_rt](https://gitlab.com/qvex/vex-rt)) or using [cargo-v5](https://github.com/vexrs/cargo-v5) and following the instructions in the README.
